Come on!
Get the lead out!
Run the fuckers over!
Come on, Jamie!
Come on, get up.
Get up!
This plane is for members of
the provisional government only.
Which of
your men do I kill to make room for mine?
Get in! Get in!
Pull.
Straight ahead.
Everybody look straight ahead.
Straight ahead
Stop him!
This man's dead.
Get him out!
He's alive, you pimp!
Everybody who
comes with me goes home.
Let's go.
Hey! Let's see
this thing fly.
What name have you
given to your child?
Richard Patrick Miller.
And what do you ask of
God's church for your child?
Baptism.
If your faith makes you ready
to accept this responsibility,
renew now the vows
of your own baptism.
Reject sin.
Profess faith
in Jesus Christ.
- This is the faith of the Church.
- Don't touch.
This is the faith
in which this child is about to be baptized.
Do you
reject Satan?
- I do.
And all his works?
- Yes, I do.
And all his
empty promises?
- I do.
Let me hear from you.
I want to know how the kid's doing.
Where he goes to school.
All that.
When Richard deserted
in Vietnam,
I wish you'd
had him arrested
instead of bringing him back
and covering for him.
He was yours after that.
He wanted you to be
the baby's godfather, so you are.
Don't come around
anymore, please.
Come on, Jamie.
No mail.
What is this,
Watergate again or something?
Oh, don't give me that
Watergate stuff! Look at you, look at you...
What's the matter with me? I was
good enough for you when you married me.
I can't stand
looking at you.
Oh, no wonder.
I haven't got any money...
I'm working 14 hours
a day and you ain't got any money?
Their dogs get too fat.
Now, we also heard of a woman in Los
Angeles who will write a song for your dog.
You send her a picture of your pet along
with the biography and $75,
and she'll send you
a cassette, a musical portrait of your pooch.
You got any money?
What's it to you?
You can always be a beggar
when you grow up.
Yeah.
Endean?
No, I don't know him.
How did you get up here?
Yes.
The corporate interests
I represent
contemplate investing
several hundred million dollars
in the development
of certain resources in Zangaro.
Where?
West Africa.
Do you read the papers,
Mr. Shannon?
The President, Olu Kimba,
is frequently on the front page.
Yeah. Go on.
Before money is
invested in Zangaro,
we have to know a lot more
about the stability of Kimba's regime.
Is a coup d'état imminent?
Or even possible?
We have to know.
You ought to be able
to get that information through an embassy.
Who the hell do you think has diplomatic
relations with a maniac like Kimba?
I don't know.
Mr. Shannon,
the world's running short of commodities.
One day,
we'll go to war over rice.
The job pays $10,000.
Fifteen.
Half tomorrow,
the rest when I get back.
It's only a reconnaissance.
- Did you steal this?
- No.
- You sure?
- I don't steal.
You got 35 to 100.
- That's good.
- What do you know about bird-watching?
Ornithology.
You don't stand right under them.
- How long you'll be gone?
- In and out in a week.
Watch yourself, Jamie.
- Red on red?
- Red on red. Pull it out.
I'm not back in a month to two
years you and Drew come get me.
You bet.
He was in here last week.
He wanted me to go bear-hunting with him
in Canada with a bow and arrow.
- Smart.
Seemed like
a damn messy way to be killed to me.
- He go?
- I don't know.
He told me about the baptism.
I think that's damn fine.
You should be
hell of a godfather.
I'll see you.
You got a godfather?
Going in with such a conspicuous
cover I think is unnecessarily risky.
I need a reason
to be there with a camera.
Go as a tourist.
Don't worry about it.
What the hell's
a tourist going to be doing in Zangaro?
- I've no idea.
- Right.
But a reconnaissance is no
good if you don't come back.
I always come back.
Please sit up and fasten your seat belt.
Thank you.
Brown?
Keith Brown. Yes.
What business do
you have in Zangaro?
I work for a nature magazine.
I take pictures
of birds and so on.
Pictures of birds?
Yes.
In there.
Attention, please.
Here is an important
announcement.
Visitors to Zangaro are warned
that there is a curfew
in the city of Clarence
between 6:00 p.m.
and 6:00 a.m.
Do you have
a drinking problem, Mr. Brown?
I thought there might be
a problem with the water.
There is.
Your pockets, please.
Spanish. French.
This is
Military Order No. 602.
Long live President Kimba.
Airport tax.
What's that for, sport?
Importation tax.
Welcome to Zangaro.
Can I give you a lift
into town, my son?
Yes. Thank you.
Is this your
first trip to Zangaro?
Yes.
Welcome to Clarence.
- Thanks again.
- Goodbye. God bless.
Hello. My name is Brown, Keith Brown.
I cabled you about a room.
Brown.
We've received no cable,
Mr. Brown.
I sent it last week.
The telegraph system
is somewhat irregular.
How long do you wish
to stay with us?
Four or five days.
You got something quiet,
maybe in the back?
Foreigners are restricted
to the second floor.
Whatever you've got,
with its own shower if you can.
Your passport, please.
Do you need that?
It will be returned
to you when you leave.
You will have room 12.
Mr. Brown,
your jeep is outside.
Great.
Hey, Bwana.
Hey, Bwana. Hey, Bwana.
In my jungle,
you'd be just another asshole-.
Keep turning
on the boy.
Keep shooting.
Listen, we've got
permission.
Watch the Jeep!
Take it easy.
Everything's all right.
This way.
Ken, keep it on the boy.
Oh, good evening, Mr. Brown.
Did you get many pictures?
Look, that guy you sent
me this morning isn't going to work out.
I didn't send him.
All right,
all right.
We can't make
a film about your bloody country
from the hotel lobby, can we?
For Christ's sake.
Thank you
very kindly.
Lousy bastards!
Jeez, that kid, eh?
Zangaro.
Bastards.
Bastards!
Leave it,
for Christ's sake.
We'll be out of here
by the end of the week.
How about a beer?
Beer, Alan?
Bollocks!
Having some trouble,
Mr. North?
No, just a fundamental difference about the
value of human life, Mr. Dexter.
Nothing that need
concern you.
Oh! Stupid question,
but any messages for me?
The wireless
is still out.
Is it expected in soon?
Mr. North, this is
Mr. Keith Brown, an American.
That shouldn't
be too much of a language barrier.
Shall we give it a try?
- A beer?
- Sure.
What about the Russians?
There were a couple of mining
engineers in here a few months ago
doing some kind of survey.
The Russians must
have got on to it and sent these two down.
They haven't been able
to get a government permit.
Poor bastards are
losing their minds.
Put on your party smile.
Good evening.
President Kimba.
President.
Mr. Keith Brown,
American naturalist.
How're you doing?
President Kimba
shares your interest in our wildlife.
Especially our
native birds.
Drink.
Sure.
Very kind.
Here's to you.
Due to his many
responsibilities,
President Kimba
doesn't have the time
to research the
scientific names of some of our rare species.
Busy, busy, busy.
Drink.
No, one for my father.
SO kind.
It would please
the President enormously
if you could give him
a scientific name
for the great
crested grebe.
Yeah?
Maybe some other time.
Just for you.
Podiceps cristatus.
Right?
And the storm petrel?
Hydrobates.
There's more.
Pelagicus.
Right?
And what about
the Bubbling Cisticola,
the Esmeralda troglodytes,
and there's my
absolute favorite and yours,
Nectarine famosa.
Here's to 'em.
God bless 'em.
Drink.
Public drunkenness
is a crime in Zangaro.
Who's that guy?
Woody Woodpecker?
Good evening,
Miss Dexter.
Mr. Brown?
I'm Gabrielle Dexter.
My father suggested
I show you around Clarence tomorrow.
Sounds good.
Meet me in the lobby at 8:00.
That's the only
sight worth seeing in this bloody town.
It's friendly, too.
I wouldn't know.
It doesn't talk to me.
One for the road?
No, thanks.
I'll see you tomorrow.
Around here, even the birds know
better than to be out at night.
What do you know
about birds?
Well, I'm no expert either.
What did you and the guys do to get
in all that trouble today?
A bunch of soldiers
were hauling off a young kid.
He was scared
out of his wits.
Finally, he managed
to pull himself free.
And then one of the bastards
drove a bayonet through his throat.
And we were right there
with the camera. We got it.
Then they ripped the film
out of the camera and herded us back here.
I'm surprised this Kimba lets
you and your people in here.
I'll be more surprised
if he lets us out.
How did he
get the job?
Well, after they won
independence,
there were three candidates
for the presidency,
General Kimba,
a Colonel Bobi,
and a physician,
a moderate called Dr. Okoye.
Now, Okoye wanted
to maintain links with the mother country,
while our two gallant
freedom fighters
ranted about nee-colonialism,
etcetera, etcetera.
Kimba got elected.
Don't ask me why he won over Bobi.
From what I've heard,
nothing to choose between them.
A week after
Kimba took office,
he forced Bobi
into exile and threw Dr. Okoye in prison.
Any opposition left?
You don't oppose Kimba.
That's treason.
For that he has
your entire family murdered.
Nobody really knows
what's going on here.
Do you think one of his neighbors will come
in here and kick him out?
He's no threat
to any other country.
He's content to stay
within his borders and slaughter his own.
I mean slaughter.
Can't you smell it?
Trouble is,
there's so much of it
everywhere else in the world,
nobody wants to know.
You're a quiet one.
Bird watching's
a quiet business.
How would you know?
Hey, you're not CIA, are you?
Well, you're hardly KGB.
Thanks for the drink.
You are, are you?
You're fucking CIA.
This is President Kimba's
official residence.
It belonged to
the British governor in colonial times.
If you live in a place like that,
I bet you stay home a lot.
No, the President
no longer lives here.
God spoke
to him in a dream.
He told him he should
live among his warriors.
Where's that?
In the jungle?
He lives at
the garrison.
In 1937, the colonial
government erected new ministerial offices.
It was the first
electricity in Zangaro.
A year later,
the Grand Pavilion was built.
At the spring
assemblies,
as many as a thousand people
would be dancing inside.
The chandeliers
were shipped from Europe.
You got a passport?
Why do you ask?
I can't believe
you'd stay here.
This is not America,
Mr. Brown.
What I do is never
governed by choice,
only by circumstance.
That's not true.
Is Kimba Christian?
He's head
of our church.
I saw a couple of
nuns and a priest when I got here.
How do they feel
about that?
They went away,
but they're coming back now.
There were
some difficulties.
I'll bet.
But now that President Kimba's
name is included in the Lord's Prayer,
there are no more problems.
Is that where he lives?
Details regarding the garrison
are not available to anyone.
Stand there.
Say cheese.
For the scrapbook.
The scrapbook?
It's where you keep
your memories.
And what's in yours?
Not too much.
Mr. Brown, what are
you really doing here?
I told you,
I'm studying birds.
Birds are smart.
They migrate,
they know when things
are going to change and they fly away.
Why don't we have dinner?
I'm late, excuse me.
Whoa! Wait a minute!
Mr. Brown.
Mr. Brown,
can you hear me?
Okay.
Mr. Brown, what are you
doing in Clarence?
Water.
Just tell me, what are you
doing in Clarence?
Water.
You are a naturalist,
are you not?
Right.
Why did you
take this picture of the garrison?
She's pretty-
Isn't she?
Mr. Brown,
I am a doctor.
I was told to clean
your wounds.
You are being deported.
Released.
Why?
One of the guards said
an Englishman has been here all day
trying to talk with you,
to interview you.
He also filed
a formal protest with the Swiss consul.
You have a friend,
Mr. Brown.
You a prisoner?
Over four years.
What'd you do?
Bad judgment.
I was a candidate
for president.
Dr. Okoye.
How would you
know that?
The Englishman,
my friend.
How long
have I been here?
Since yesterday.
Why did they do this?
Possibly for being
in the wrong company.
The guard said you were
with Gabrielle Dexter.
She's one of
Kimba's mistresses.
She... She... It was her?
No.
She's beautiful.
Not treacherous.
Beauty is a currency.
Unfortunately, here in Zangaro, it only has
value in the presidential palace.
Have some of
these painkillers.
They'll help you.
Okoye.
Mr. Brown, can you
tell us why you were arrested?
What were
conditions like inside the prison?
Were you able to see
any other prisoners?
Mr. Brown?
They say Dr. Okoye
is, in fact, dead. Can you confirm that?
Mr. Brown.
You can't leave Zangaro
without your passport, asshole.
There're no fractures,
but I don't understand why the hell
you didn't see the doctor
when you were in Paris.
Still got blood
in the urine?
Yeah.
Four, five, six. Six healthy
concussions in the last three years.
Two crushed discs,
two temporal fractures,
one major pneumothorax,
perforated stomach,
a hundred bouts
with unheard-of tropical diseases,
a shitload of arm
and leg fractures,
dyscrasia, dysentery,
dyspepsia,
dysuria, dysphoria.
Anything starting with 'D'
I didn't get?
Yeah,
dead.
Henry, you gotta get
some new jokes.
Look, I don't know
what you've got planned for your old age,
or who you figure on
spending it with,
but I suggest
you get at it.
You've taken a lot of years
off the back end of your life.
Thanks.
Why the hell didn't
you call me as soon as you got back?
I was busy.
You got the money?
No, no, don't take
your coat off.
There, that's for you.
What does it mean?
Can Kimba be replaced?
Read the report.
Is there any chance
of a coup?
No, not now.
He don't trust his own army.
Rations the bullets.
He's crazy, see?
So unless there's some kind
of guerilla army building up
outside Zangaro
I don't know about,
forget it!
The people I represent
won't do business with a madman.
He's obviously got to go.
What did you say?
Could a well-trained,
well-equipped mercenary force succeed?
Succeed?
At what?
Replacing Kimba.
What'd you find over there?
Oil, diamonds?
Could it succeed?
Sure, why not?
How long would it take you
to get an operation like that off the ground?
Not me!
You bought a recon and you got it.
I'm paid. I'm done.
Come on, let's go.
You're paid, Shannon,
but you're not finished.
What would you want to go back
and get what they took from you?
Would $100,000
cure cold feet?
You've got me mixed up
with somebody else. Come on!
Hello. Operator.
I'd like to make
a person-to-person.
OPERATOR". Name, please.
Jessie Shannon.
OPERATOR". Jessie Shannon.
Area code, please.
- Area code 3-0-1.
3-0-1.
JAMIE; 4-4-6-1-8-0-8.
OPERATOR". Who shall
I say is calling?
Just say Jessie.
OPERATOR". Will you hold on,
please?
Wait a minute.
Don't tell me to hold on. You hold on.
Hello?
Your move.
WARNER'. God damn It!
I'll get it, Dad.
Sit down. Sit down.
Hard to keep my bluffer's
composure with the damn phone ringing.
Saved by the bell.
It's up to you.
Jessie, it's me.
Jamie?
Where are you?
The Bayview Motel, Hotel.
It's a couple of blocks
from where the Starlight was.
The Starlight
burned down.
Yeah, I know.
That was two years ago.
Three fours.
Beat that.
Jamie, you okay?
Sure.
What are you doing here?
I want to see you.
But...
Could you come down here?
I don't want to run into your father.
JESSE'. Give me half an hour.
A pair of jacks.
Oh, three jacks.
Pair of nines.
Jessie?
Everything okay?
Yeah, sure.
Daddy, I'm going out
for a while.
Could you get us
some more ice first?
Yeah, sure.
I'm out.
I'll stop playing poker
when Carlos is off.
You shouldn't be
doing this.
Don't be silly.
Go in and play your hand.
Who called?
Jamie.
What did he want?
I don't know.
He wanted to see me.
Do you think
that's wise?
We were married, for Christ's sake!
He wants to see me, I want to see him.
He's the same, Jessie.
I know it. He hasn't changed.
He's the same
irresponsible bastard you divorced.
I didn't divorce him, you did!
Did I scare you?
It's cold.
Is that you?
Yeah.
You got skinny.
- You got on dark glasses.
- Yeah.
How come?
Well, I didn't want you
to see that...
- You were crying?
- Yeah.
They do a great job.
What do you want to do?
You got time?
Yeah, sure.
Let's eat.
I love you, Jessie.
That's what I'm here about.
I want to move.
West.
Colorado,
maybe Montana.
I've never been there
but it's clean, it's open.
I want to get a regular job.
Buy a house. All that.
What do you say?
It's all the stuff
we used to talk about.
I've got the money
to get us started.
When were you
thinking about going?
Soon.
I want to go right now.
I want to go yesterday.
You haven't changed.
No.
Still the
considerate planner.
What do you say?
Why don't we keep it
simple tonight?
The way the tax situation
is out there,
the land costs you
practically nothing.
You put a house on it
and stay there.
This guy tells me
you can put a trailer on the land.
The government doesn't
know the difference. They don't care.
You mad or what?
You haven't asked
about my father.
Yes, I did.
I asked you to
go away with me.
If you'd said yes,
I'd know he was dead.
It wasn't his fault.
- Was it mine?
- Yeah.
As much as anybody's.
Oh, please.
I didn't move out.
You didn't try very hard
to stop me from going, did you?
Don't tell me that.
I didn't move out! You did.
It's what you do, Jamie.
You fight wars.
Not your wars, not our wars.
Anybody's wars.
You get paid to kill people,
get your ass blown off.
You would be great
in Colorado, out west.
You could be a hired gun,
play cowboy.
We're talking about
your father.
He didn't want you
married to anybody, did he?
He needs me,
somebody he can depend on.
Most drunks do.
Oh, it's so easy for you. You come back
here after two and a half years.
You don't know
what's going on in my life. You don't care.
You just expect me to drop
everything and follow you!
Wait a minute.
Come with me, Jessie.
By the time
he gets around to dying,
there won't be
a dance left in you.
Goodbye, Jamie.
Endean?
It's a bad time for me, Jamie.
My sister and her husband,
their marriage busted up,
so she and the kids
moved in with me.
You know,
she don't work.
- Leave her some money.
-It's not the point, the money.
She don't do well
on her own.
This is getting
nowhere.
No?
No.
I'll miss you.
- You make the next one, okay?
- You bet your ass.
I've just got to get her
and the kids off my back.
Terry, Sturgis wants
to know if his car will be ready by 5:00.
No.
Forget it. Get Derek.
Where is he?
I got
his number.
And Michel,
you call Paris,
tell them both to meet us
at the Great Eastern Hotel Tuesday.
Do you believe
that shit Terry gave you about his sister?
What do you care?
It's his story.
That candy ass
is scared of getting greased.
I got a better story
with Miranda being pregnant.
You want to
stay home, too?
No.
Watching her get fat
is going to be nauseating.
I wouldn't waste
any time getting our money in the bank.
Putting it all together in 40, 41 days is going
to be tough enough as it is.
Right. Don't forget
the insurance.
It's $100,000.
Each of us, yes.
Over here, it's Mrs...
You got a pencil?
Drew Blakeley.
L-E-Y.
552 East 74.
I'll give you the name of the
European beneficiaries later.
For me?
Hey, you, what's your name?
Express leaving
platform 13
will stop at Rugby,
Leicester, Loughborough,
Nottingham, and Sheffield.
Jamie, Michel's here.
Don't go by this.
Takes longer to go from here.
That'll give you a better idea
of what I'm talking about.
These are good.
You didn't take them.
No.
They were a gift.
- Michel, want a beer?
- Yeah.
- Derek?
What is this,
coffee or tea? It's terrible.
He always home?
He will be. Zangaro
has independence day coming up.
- He'll be there for a while.
- How long have we got to hold it?
As long as it takes
to ﬂy the new president in from the border.
Who is it
going to be?
Nixon.
That's not funny,
Drew.
Come on, Jamie,
punch up your grief and try a few jokes.
Anyway, I spoke to Jinja.
He's going to pick up and train as
many Zangarian exiles as he can.
Oh, they won't be
worth a shit.
Listen, Jinja's okay.
They'll be ready.
They'll fight.
What do we do with Kimba?
Just give him over to the new
government. He gets loose, forget it.
I'm hungry.
Anybody want a pizza?
- No, I'll have a cheese roll.
- I'd like a treacle pudding.
- A what?
- Yeah, you know, with a lot of sour sauce.
Come on, Michel,
split a pepperoni with me.
Anybody want to know
how we're going to do this?
There's no way
we'll do it without him sticking us up.
That's the way it's gotta be.
He's the best.
There's no delis in London.
I walked 15 blocks.
What do you want,
room service? Okay. Who's got the bullets?
Hackett, in London.
I thought of him.
ls he still in business?
Far as I know.
Tough part's
gonna be the freighter.
It's got to be clean,
registered.
Jamie, it's not going to be
a bargain basement. We've only got 4O days.
Thirty-eight.
Three-five launchers,
detonators, grenades. Baker still in Paris?
He was in Malaga.
He sold some
shitty rifles to a bunch of Croatians.
They cut a piece of
his stomach out.
Ought to be a
real honest man these days.
9mm quad.
Baker as well.
Yeah, he's got
good contacts in Yugoslavia.
Who fixes
the end users?
I see Benny Lambert
in Paris tomorrow.
Okay, okay.
What's it gonna be?
M-16s, Armalites,
Uzis, AK-47s?
You want I should
call Boucher?
Maybe we should
let Derek call him.
I cut his fucking
throat once.
We all clear on what
we've got to get done?
Leave messages for me here
if you have to.
Give me names, dates.
I'll see to it the money gets paid.
And run hard deals.
These guys put up a million dollars.
Let's make sure
there's change. I figure we ought to keep it.
Certainly.
Everybody
goes home.
Seconded.
Vive la mort. Vive la guerre.
Vive Ie sacré mercenaire!
Of course, I can get you
an end users certificate, mon vieux.
My contact will return from Belgrade at
the beginning of next week.
How much?
Fifteen thousand.
Pounds? Francs?
Dollars? What?
Pounds.
Francs.
Dollars.
$10,000.
Done.
Benny, we're in
a hurry. Eat later.
I honestly don't know
what I can get.
The demand for munitions
is staggering right now.
There could be delays.
We are short on time.
We are short
on merchandise.
9mm quad.
Three weeks delivery in Valencia.
And?
That's all I need from you.
$1,500 a thousand rounds,
20% surcharge
for an end user.
You can do better than that.
10% for export license,
customs clearance.
If you're trying to stick us,
I can do business
down the street.
Au revoir.
Shall we try again?
Okay,
do it that way then,
but I have to be sure the money will
be in his account by tomorrow.
I assure you
it will be.
I'll have several more transactions for
you over the next couple of weeks.
Be our pleasure.
Thank you, Nigel.
Good afternoon, sir.
Hey, Keith.
Keith Brown.
Message for Mr. Brown
from General Kimba.
I'll be damned.
How are you?
I'm fair to lousy.
You seem to have improved considerably.
- I'm okay.
- Hey, good.
Was the film
any use to you?
- Yeah.
-Good. Good.
Glad to be of help.
I don't suppose
you'd have...
Can I buy you
a drink?
What a good idea.
I thought you'd never ask.
You got it.
So, what's
your name, Mr. Brown?
Shannon, James.
That's an improvement
on the other one.
What are you doing
in London?
I've got to see some people.
What's the message?
Message?
Kimba.
"Come back,
all is forgiven."
Did you get
to see him?
After your ruckus
with the soldiers,
one of their lot
washed up in the canal with a broken neck.
You wouldn't know
anything about that, I suppose?
No.
All right. Kimba's
paranoia took a jump after that.
He wouldn't see anyone,
including me.
There were nine
executions the next day.
Four of them were women.
But of course, I didn't
get that piece, either.
I was being escorted
to the airport at the time.
I got thrown out of the country,
thank you very much.
Dexter's daughter okay?
Funny you should mention her.
The day I was leaving,
she actually talked to me.
She asked about you.
Well, what I knew about you.
Pathetically little,
I had to confess.
Did you get your film
on the air?
Yeah, last week.
How'd you make out?
Behind these very walls,
just a few feet from me,
maybe even less,
resides Africa's most brutal dictator.
It is rumored, though there
are conflicting reports,
but high ranking sources who
have asked not to be named,
say, "Who knows?"
Five million viewers
switched over to the Miss World contest.
That's too bad.
Yeah.
When are you going back?
You gonna ask a lot of
questions I can't answer?
Look, Shannon, I stuck out my
neck for you, for Christ's sake.
You owe me
a little more than a drink.
You ought
to watch your step.
What I do is none
of your business, okay?
That's a matter of opinion.
Is there a number
I can reach you?
You're going to
get in trouble.
I'm not going
to be in town long.
Fancy that.
- Was good to see you.
- Likewise.
Merde!
Can I
suggest something?
- Fire away.
- Which shells do you use?
That's very good.
Oh, you put the right mix in this thing and
its killing potential is fantastic.
Your operation is
an assault, I suspect.
Well, the XM-18
is effective up to 400 meters.
If you load it in a well thought
out sequence, it's devastating.
For instance,
first you use two rounds flares,
then a couple of gas,
then you improvise with the rest.
Fragmentation,
grenades,
tactical, anti-tank,
antipersonnel.
It's what we in the business
call a mixed-fruit pudding.
What do you say
is the rate of fire?
Eighteen rounds
in five seconds.
It's the ultimate
in killing technology.
It's light, accurate
and mobile.
You ever been in combat
yourself, Baker?
I'm a Canadian.
Twelve, 18, 26 for the Uzis
and the XM-18s.
- You got a ship?
- Not yet.
I'll get the name
to you when I do.
Fine. Total, including
my percentage, $31,500.
Let's make it 32.
$31,500.
Here's 15.
You'll get another ten
when I see the stuff crated and ready to go.
The balance
when the ship sails.
It's not a question of where
she's been, mister. She's a great ship.
Haifa, Gibraltar,
Tangiers, Dakar,
Monrovia, you name it.
- Single hold?
- Aye, twin hatches.
We need you
and your crew.
My crew's kind of
choosy, mister.
Double for your crew
and $10,000 for yourself.
I'll need to
talk to them.
We haven't got time
for a ballot.
I count
the votes, mister.
What is your cargo?
It's not peanuts
from Monrovia.
Well, peanuts
is rats, mister.
Every kind of cargo's
got its own kind of trouble.
Now what is your cargo?
Just trouble.
The ship heads
for Toulon tonight.
I'll call Michel,
tell him to get on the road.
Oh, yeah,
Hackett's hardware's in Valencia.
Good.
I've got to get
something to eat.
I've got a meeting.
Endean's going to
introduce me to Zangaro's next president.
Whoop-de-doo.
Pack your White House manners.
Do me a favor,
there's a guy named North.
He's been following me.
He's okay, but he's a reporter.
- Oh, Jesus.
- Yes, don't hurt him.
For Christ's sake,
don't kill him, but discourage him.
If he finds out what we're up to,
he'll have it on the 6:00 news.
Hello, I'm with the
Boy Scouts of America.
- I'm sorry, I don't...
- Right.
Look out!
Go on, jump the wall!
Jump! You idiot!
Come on, Ace, move!
You're going with me. Move it!
Hey, taxi!
Come on!
This man needs a doctor!
You know, when Zangaro
was fighting for independence,
he was as much of
a national hero as Kimba.
We fought in the
bush together.
Brothers.
Then when he
makes himself president,
his first official
business was to put a price on my head.
When he left the country,
some of his soldiers went with him.
We've been
together a long time now.
Excellent fighters.
Very loyal.
I have selected
the best of them for you.
There will be 24
waiting in Freetown.
They're very good.
They will die for Zangaro.
It'll be more help to me
if they fight.
If there is one who doesn't, I'll take his head
and mount it on the palace gates.
You and your brother both have the
same easy way of doing business.
Olu Kimba
did not do business.
So now, Sekou Bobi
will be President.
He wants to be God.
I want to be rich.
Shannon, why don't you
brief us on your strike plan?
You coming along?
There's nothing
you need to know about.
The colonel's due
at the garrison at 0500 hours on the 25th.
That's 5.00 a.m.
if you're a minute late,
I'll give the whole thing back to Kimba.
You're working
for me, Shannon.
You could fire me.
If anything comes up,
I'll be in touch.
Mr. Shannon,
when I am president,
it would be
to your advantage to be my friend.
Mr. Endean here
could tell you what a generous friend I am.
I've got all the friends
I can handle right now.
And forget about
your soldiers, okay? I've got my own.
Just don't be late.
Don't worry,
he's expendable.
- To the hotel.
- Sir.
I wanted to waste the bastard, but
I figured you had to talk to him.
Just so we understand
each other, you're dead.
Give me straight answers
and I'll keep it painless.
Go fuck yourself.
Oh, no! No!
No!
Who's paying you?
I said, who's paying you?
Same as pays you.
What'd he have
you doing?
Keeping track
of your whole operation.
Did he tell you to kill North?
He was
a journalist.
He'd have
blown it for you.
Did Endean tell you
to kill him?
I make
my own decisions.
So the bloody fool said, "Don't bother to
wrap it, I'll eat it on the way home."
The measure of a man
is in his appetites.
The more you consume,
the more you are.
Tell me,
do you measure ladies in the same way?
No. Ladies are not measured.
They are judged.
Oh, very good.
Maybe one of you ladies would like to come
to my palace in Zangaro, huh?
How many bedrooms
do you have?
Caroline and I have thought
we'd like to visit your country, haven't we?
I'll get it downstairs.
Maybe you both
can come, hmm?
With your appetites,
you'd need us both.
Hello.
Yes, good evening, sir.
It's a very bad connection.
He's already signed
all the agreements.
All the papers will be dated
once he's in power.
MAN ON PHONE". Hello,
can you hear me?
What?
Manson Industries will have
the exclusive mineral and mining rights
for all Zangaro.
No.
No, he's no idea
what's at stake.
I promise.
I don't believe he can
even spell "platinum."
Things are going
very well, sir.
Valencia.
On the 18th...
Subject to technical difficulties.
It can happen.
But you got
to be there.
- Want a drink?
- No.
You don't need to
worry about me, mister.
But I do.
Look, Shannon,
if something goes wrong,
I lose my license.
I don't care about
any of this.
I want that stuff
on board
tomorrow.
What is it?
It hasn't left Madrid yet.
We made a deal.
It's too risky now.
If they check your
end user certificate, you're finished.
Cancel the order.
You want to give me
my money back?
Make the call.
Brown.
Sir, that's one
of my seamen.
Want to see
your papers.
Why do you need
eight men in such a small ship?
Seamen's card?
I left it with
my buddy's gear aboard ship.
He's an employee
of the company, right?
Missed his ship in Brindisi. He's coming
with us to Malta and going on to Telakia.
Right.
That last port.
Last place anybody
will check the hold.
You did good back there.
Whose war are you
gonna fight?
Out!
Squad, attention!
Do you think
these geezers can fight?
Now, come on,
straighten up there!
Strictly bush league.
I bet they've never seen
anything newer than bolt action Enfields.
Well, I hope they
don't blow the bottom out of this tub
when you give
them the Uzis.
Reporting, Captain.
Let's go!
All right.
Attention.
We'll fire a few rounds,
show you how they pull.
Now, they tend
to pull up and to the right.
I'll give you
an example.
Squad!
Ready!
Fire!
Squad, attention!
Stand easy.
Cuban.
We'll be on
the beach at 0400.
Sentries are spotted for you,
so just be quick.
Once the firefight starts,
we got only 15 minutes.
If it goes over that,
I don't want to even think about it.
How long to the bridge?
About ten minutes.
If none of you have worked
with hired soldiers before, it's like this,
we handle tactics, that's all.
We give you support fire,
bring up the rear on an assault,
but it's your fight.
You got to do it.
You gotta be alive
to get paid.
- Everybody understand?
- Yeah.
Kimba!
Kick his ass!
Hold. Here.
North of the border for two hours.
Then you start southeast
toward the coast.
I want you to
end up there at 0330.
- No patrol boats?
- No. I said that.
After you drop us,
stay there till we get back.
If they start tearing us up,
it's the only place we've got to run to.
I'll be there.
If you're not,
hope to hell I got killed.
Send it.
- Right on schedule.
- Let's go to work.
Let's go.
Move it.
Pick it up.
You didn't tell them
we were coming?
Derek,
get over there.
Close it.
One CQ.
Two CQ.
Three CQ.
Four CQ.
Squad!
Jamie.
Get! Get! Get!
What the hell happened
to support fire and bringing up the rear?
Ready? Come on!
The Ministry of Works is going to have
to start clearing up tomorrow.
Shannon's got him
in the main building.
There.
You're late!
What the hell's going on here? Who's that?
Colonel Bobi.
You are under arrest.
President Okoye.
I am President.
You're nobody.
Shannon, get him
out of here.
This whole country's
bought and paid for.
You're going to have
to buy it all over again.
These, in the day
when heaven was falling
The hour when
earth's foundations fled
Followed their
mercenary calling
And took their wages
and are dead
Their shoulders
held the sky suspended
They stood
and earth's foundation stayed
What God abandoned
these defended
And saved
the sum of things for pay
These, in the day
when heaven was falling
The hour that
earth's foundation fled
Followed their
mercenary calling
And took their wages
and are dead